# Rosen-Project-
Python Project 
I had a lot of big plans for this project even though I just learned how to code for the first time was around the time I started this class. I figured it shouldn't be too hard, and I had known a little bit.
I didn't want to make anything simple, becuase I wanted to make somthing exciting and kinda cool. However, I honestly set my expectations a bit too high for myself, and 
also pushed myslef to do something that I shouldn't honestly expected myself to do. This is only becuase, if you look at my first pre posal, I had so many ideas that I wanted to implement, 
but I couldn't do it! And that's fine, becuase like the professor said- sometimes you can't get everything you want.  My issue however is, is that there a basic functions that I wanted in my program
that I couldn't get either. Never mind the fact that I couldn't implement a spotify music scanner. I at least wanted my text box to work! It can only draw and refresh. And I dont understand why. I belive it may how to do with the way I 
formatted the html code,- but I re did it a bunch of times, and I want it to look how I want, and I acheived that, but now it's having trouble with the javascript. The eraser, the save/download button and the missing text box are what's ruining my vibe right now. 
Even tried to take extra time becuse I honeslty feel like the project is nothing without the text box, and I Feel like that is such a simple thing to add and I feel a little bad that it doesn't work.
I know I need to look at the postives thoguh. You would think it would be easy to just add a textbox that the user imputs text in , and the dimensions of the box are pretty much half the size of the whole page it's self. And when you save or download, it saves with it. 
I tried that and then all of a suddent the save button didn't work. I took of the code for that, and then my save button didnt' work again. I guess i changed something else and saved before I ran the code, and I don't know what I changed, but I do know now that my save button doesnt' work. 
It was very hard because the more progress I made into the project, the more difficutlt it got for me, which was the oppostie of what I was expecting. I always figure that once you get past the hard part, it's over. But know, the minute you get past a hard part and feel good about yourself
is when you come across an even harder part that you unlocked because you were able to do the first part. I figured that I would end on a high note, but the sites that I am look to for help, are saying that I need PHP to analyze what I am submitting, and I just can't do it. 
Maybe it's becuase it's the end of the semeter and my brain is tired, or I just need extra help. But I can't pick up PHP that quickly, and also I don't even want to know the whle language right now. I just want a large textbox that saves alongside the drawing portion. 
I learned javascript, which is crazy, because I wasn't expecting to learn a whole nother language. I think i'm pretty good now at html and css -even though they techinally aren't real languages. And I understand a little tiny bit of PHP (but for the most part i don't). 
I also had a very stressful and hectic semster, so the fact that I made it to this point is pretty cool. I switched majors into computer science. And I won't lie i was very scared and many assignments did scare at me at first, including this project. But
now that I think about it, I am very grateful for this journey becuase I know now, that this is the major that I want. 
